                  (I). GENERAL INFORMATION + COPYRIGHT ISSUES

     This is a planewave pseudopotential package. It contains: lsda_p_v2 
     (the main program), Kpt_gen (the k-point generator), PSEUDO (the
     supporting pseudopotential generating package from J.L. Martin), 
     ULTRASOFT (the ultrasoft pseudopotential package from D. Vanderbilt), 
     DOC_FILE (the document files) and EXAMPLE (the files for one example run). 
     
     lsda_p_v2 package was written by Lin-Wang Wang, and copyrighted by 
     the Regents of the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley 
     National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any required approvals from 
     the U.S. Dept. of Energy). The development of this code is mostly funded
     by NERSC computer center at LBNL. 
     
     The original serie code Etot was written by L.W. Wang when he was in 
     National Renewable Energy Lab, Golden, CO. 

     The MPI parallel code PEtot  was written by L.W. Wang when he is at NERSC. 
     It uses the MPI parallel FFT code, developed by Andrew Canning at 
     NERSC. 

     The new version (lsda_p_v2) was written by L.W. Wang at Computational 
     Research Division of LBNL. 

     ******  See Section (II)  for the features of PEtot  *******

     The PSEUDO package was down loaded from Jose Luis Martins's web site:
     http://bohr.inesc.pt/~jlm/jlm.html,  with modifications, so that the
     resulting pseudopotential file can be used directly for PEtot calculation. 
     See the directory PSEUDO for more copyright issues for that package.  

     The ULTRASOFT package was down loaded from D. Vanderbilt's web site:
     http://www.physics.rutgers.edu/%7Edhv/uspp/#CONTRIB, without any 
     modification (except a simple file: HOW_TO_MAKE_USPP). It is compiled
     for the IBM SP machine. So for the IBM user, the executable can be used
     directly without recompiling. See the README in that directory for copyright
     its issues. 

     The Kpt_gen program was originally written by James E. Bernard and 
     Sverre Froyen, see that directory for more copyright issues.  

     The whole package can only be used for non-profit research. It is
     intended mostly for U.S. Department of Energy research community, and especially
     for NERSC computer users.  

     It was tested the package extensively on the NERSC parallel computers: IBM SP, 
     althought we expect it to run smoothly on other platforms (for example on 
     Linux clusters).  

     It is fine tuned for large scale electronic structure calculations. 
     With modest energy cutoff (e.g, Ecut=20Ryd), it can handle 
     thousand atoms on a few hundred processors. 

     Go to each directory, read the "README" or "INSTALL" files in that
     directory, and find out what to do. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   (II).  Features of PEtot

     (1) It is a planewave pseudopotential code. 

     (2) It uses both the norm conservation pseudopotentials and ultrasoft
         pseudopotentials. 

     (3) It is written in Fortran 90 and parallelized using standard MPI.

     (4) It is parallelized in two levels. The most fundamental level is the G-point
         parallelization. This is done by distributing the G-vectors and the corresponding 
         wavefunction coefficients on different processors. In real space, the unit
         cell is divided into layers along the first dimension (n1), and distributed
         among different processors. This parallelization allows the calculation for
         very large systems (e.g, nanosystem) using large number of processors. 
         The second level of parallelization is for the k-points. This is done by 
         dividing the processors into groups, and each group deals with one k-point
         independently. This level of parallelization is useful for bulk and surface
         calculations where large numbers of k-points exist. Both levels of parallelization
         are usually used simultaneously. 

     (5) It is mainly aimed for large scale electronic structure calculations
         (e.g., 100-1000 atoms). With modest Ecut (e.g, 25 Ryd), and 100 processors, 
         it can calculate thousand atom systems. 

     (6) It has both G-space and r-space Kleinman-Bylander nonlocal pseudopotential 
         implementation. For systems with number of atom larger than ~50, the real
         space implementation becomes faster. for r-space implementation, the original
         pseudopotential file is used, without the need for preprocessing, due
         to the use of a new algorithm (and a mask function from file  "maskr"). 

     (7) It uses the charge mixing self-consistent field (SCF) approach. It employs
         different charge mixing schemes: Puly-Kerker, Thomas-Fermi. The newly 
         developed Thomas-Fermi scheme stablizes many previously unstable large 
         scale systems under SCF. 
        
     (8) It has two schemes for electron wavefunction iterations: (1) Standard 
         conjugate gradient, (2) Residual minimization scheme. The residual minimization
         scheme reduce the need for wavefunction orthogonalization, thus effectively 
         reduces the computational time scaling from O(N^3) to O(N^2) for N~100 to a few
         thousands. 

     (9) It can do calculations for: LDA, LSDA, GGA. (But no spin-orbit coupling, thus 
         not for noncolinear magnetic system).   

    (10) It can calculate the forces on the atoms, and relax the atomic positions to 
         minimize the total energy using the BFGS algorithm (updating the Hession 
         matrix). However, it does not automatically relax unit cell itself (not
         designed for small compound system comprehensive analysis).

    (11) It takes the k-points and symmetry operations from the Kpt_gen directory in 
         this package. But it can only do point-group symm. No space group symmetry. 

    (12) It takes the pseudopotential files vwr.atom from the PSEUDO directory in 
         this package, and the binary ultrasoft pseudopotential files uspp.atom from 
         the ULTRASOFT directory in this package. 
         
    (13) Andrew Canning's special designed parallel Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) code
         is used for this program. It reaches perfect load balance in the G-space, 
         and minimizes the communication and operations taking the advantages of the 
         spherical structure of the initial G-vectors. It is also fine tunned for 
         NERSC computers (T3E and IBM SP).  

    (14) For multiple k-points, it stores the wavefunctions of the currently unused 
         k-points on disk, thus reduces the memory requirment. 

    (15) It can restart using previous calculation results. 

    (17) It can do calculations for isolated clusters (or molecules) in vacuum and 
         isolated surface calculations without the periodic boundary condition. 
         This is useful to avoid the possible long term Coulomb interaction caused 
         by the period boundary condition when the Poisson equation is solved. This 
         is done by using a special algorithm to solve the Poisson equation. 

    (18) It has different methods of finite temperature smearing for the occupation 
         for metallic systems. It has Fermi-Dirac and generalized Gaussian method.   

    (19) It can be used in conjunction with Escan (another package produced by 
         Lin-Wang Wang), for large system nanostructure calculations (e.g, using the 
         charge patching method). 

    (20) It has various ways to output the charge density and the wavefunctions
         in real space.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (III). Suggested Acknowledgement

    We are not asking for any co-authorship if you just downloaded the program and 
generated results by your own (I think you can do that if you follow the documentations
and instructions carefully). However, it will be a great help for the future development 
of this project if you can acknowledge the use of the current code in your research paper. 
The suggested acknowledgement could be: "The current results have been obtained through the
use of the PEtot code, which is developed by the U.S. Department of Energy, and can be  
downloaded from: http://hpcrd.lbl.gov/~linwang".  Even better, if you can forward me a 
copy, or just a title of the papers using this program, and including the suggested 
acknowledgement. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (IV). HELPS, etc. 

    If you are a NERSC user, I am happy to help you to use this code, especially on
the IBM SP machines. If you are within DOE research community, I am willing 
to help if it does not take a lot of time. If you are none of above, good luck, you 
are on your own. However, I am happy to hear your complains, comments, and suggestions
for more features. Your feedbacks are highly valued.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Lin-Wang Wang
Computational Research Division
Lawrence Berkeley National Lab
email: lwwang@lbl.gov
Dec. 10, 2004
        
