 After you have successfully compile the program, 
 it is really simple to use it. 

(1) To generate a pseudopotential, it requires one
    input file: "atom.input", which tells the valence information
    about the atomic element. See DOC_atom.input for explanation. 

(2) To run the pseudo_potential generation, run the script RUN_PSEUDO:
    > ./RUN_PSEUDO
    It might generate a lots of garbage on the screen. Ignore them. 
    As this is not really a commercial package, from time to time, some 
    of the analysing programs crash, but that is okay !  As long as
    you have successfully run: atom.exe and gen_vwr.exe, you get the 
    final pseudopotential file: vwr.atom, that is all you need. 
    For a fully successful run (that is actually rare), you also get
    the following ouput files: vwr.atom, atom.out, atomkb.out, kb.out, 
    and the gnuplot command file: command.gp, command_kb.gp, command_log.gp,
    command_logkb.gp. 

(3) To get some information about the result, read: atom.out, atomkb.out, 
    kb.out (if you understand them, good; if you don't understand them, 
    you don't need to read them, and don't ask me for explanation).   
    If your machine has "gnuplot", take a look at the pseudopotentials you 
    generated by typing   >gnuplot command.gp  (hitting  "return" key for more pictures)
                       or >gnuplot command_kb.gp  (Klainman-Bylander implementation)
                       or >gnuplot command_log.gp   (logrithmic derivative at r=2.5a.u)
                       or >gnuplot command_logkb.gp  (logrithmic deriv. for KB implement.)
   If something looks nice, it is probablly good. Pseudopotential generation is still a 
   art !  A skillful reading of all these informations might tell you a little bit about
   what is the likely Ecut (from wavefunction(q)), whether there is a ghost state 
   in KB implementation (in gnuplot command_logkb.gp, if this file is generated 
   successfully).  The final test for a pseudopotential, and its Ecut convergence 
   in PEtot can only be done on an actually PEtot calculation, with different Ecuts. 

(4) The vwr.atom is the final file you want to keep, and to be used for PEtot calculation.  

(5) Look in atom_table.input for a sample atom.input data for all the elements in 
    periodic table. 
    
(6) type ./CLEAN to clean up the files, except vwr.atom, atom.out, atomkb.out, kb.out. 
    It is recommanded that you clean up the files before generating a new pseudopotential. 
